Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
You know. right? I'm...
I'm glad y-you're back. but--
And once you're in...
you're in.
I'm in.
Got something for you.
"The reasonable man
adapts himself to the world.
The unreasonable one persists
in trying to adapt
the world to himself.
Therefore all progress depends
on the unreasonable man."
This is it.
No way out this time.
I trust you. Kevin.
I better. I'm putting
my whole life in your hands.
How was Tokyo?
Crowded.
Anything to declare?
I wish.
Welcome to New York.
Mr. Cairns.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Good morning. sir.
Hi.
I left my. um. suitcase
in the museum last Thursday
on one of the lower floors.
That's not cool.
What's it look like. man?
It's. um... It's like
a medium metallic spinner.
Hang on.
Ah. This it?
That's it.
You don't want to know
how I lost it.
Good to go.
All right. Thank you very much.
Cheers.
Good morning.
So I will just need your ID
and a credit card
for incidentals.
Would you like the real one
or the fake one?
The real one. please.
Thank you.
And that's yours.
Have a nice day.
Thank you very much.
"Nearly all men can
stand adversity.
but if you want to test
a man's character..."
- All clear.
- Proceed with dropoff.
What am I paying
you fucking morons for?
You know the number
on the container.
Now go and find it
and find it now.
And a sincere
happy birthday. my man.
Thank you. Wow.
I'll get you some plates.
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday to... ♪
Yay!
I am so sorry. Monica.
Meeting me is why you're here...
not out there living
your life somewhere.
I'm sorry.
I wish you were here.
You see that girl
at the end of the bar?
Yes. sir.
Buy her a drink
and tell her I said.
"Thanks. but no thanks."
Understood. sir.
What the hell?
Who are you?
Why me?
Buongiorno.
Welcome to Italy. Mr. Sites.
Grazie.
Buongiorno.
Did you guys steal my suitcase?
Uh. what color is it?
Black.
Yeah. I think we have something.
Thank you.
May I see your passport?
Right. right.
Perfecto.
Gotta put a leash
on that thing.
There you go.
Thank you.
"I cannot think
but we have much
to be thankful for
and more still to hope for
in the future."
I know who you are.
I know what you're doing.
And what's that?
You flew here earlier today.
Got your instructions
from a local newspaper.
You picked up a bag
at lost and found.
Same as you always do.
same as you did in New York.
Inside was this gun.
a picture of the person to kill.
Sound about right so far?
Look. my name's Kacey.
And you're Shaw. right?
Evan Shaw?
I have a story for you
and you're not gonna believe it.
but I have proof.
Everything I've learned
about you
and the Division you work for
is in a file there on the desk.
What file?
You wanna dance?
Who do you work for?
MI6.
I was sent here to investigate
the US Tourism Division.
supposedly a branch of the CIA
that sends you to kill people.
only it doesn't exist.
Yeah. Black Ops
is funny like that.
No. I mean.
it really doesn't exist
as in it never existed.
as in you've never
worked for the CIA.
The Division as you know it
was created and run by
Kevin Angler for someone.
we don't know who.
but it was shut down
10 years ago when he died.
What are you talking about?
Angler isn't dead.
Can you prove that? I can prove
he is. Check the file!
Wait. wait. I have proof.
Quiet.
Listen. I'm not an officer.
I'm not.
I'm-- I'm just an analyst.
just an analyst.
Wait. wait! This--
This case was open for years.
It was opened by Monica Walker.
What did you just say?
Monica Walker. MI6.
She was an analyst like me.
before my time.
Monica Walker is dead.
I know.
What--?
Put that in your mouth.
all the way.
You sit tight.
Buona sera.
Do you have a computer
I can use?
Well. I've been married. right?
But it didn't work.
Not in this life.
it doesn't work.
For me. anyway.
I mean. it's my fault probably.
I would say.
I don't see how it can work.
I mean. with this lifestyle.
No. Uh-uh.
But I met a really great woman.
There it is.
Huh?
All right.
I mean. really great.
I've never felt like this.
I've never thought about having
a family or a normal life
or settling down.
having a kid. you know.
Until I met her.
and then I thought.
"Well. hey. maybe that's
not such a bad idea."
Anyone I know? No?
No.
I've actually known her
a long time.
I met her in Syria.
- Oh. okay.
- Yeah.
Monica.
There you go. Monica.
Well. it's nothing
to be embarrassed about.
No. I mean. look.
dude. I'm a soldier.
I've never...
I'm not used to this.
I wish you luck. really I do.
I wish you luck.
But. um. you know.
I'm gonna miss you.
I mean. you keep your--
Keep your friends close
in-in this job.
that's for sure.
But...
Monica.
Monica?
We'll see.
Hi.
I told you to sit tight.
So I've been doing this
for I don't know how many years.
and now you're telling me I've
been doing it for someone else.
For someone you don't know. yes.
For who?
MI6?
Where's your team?
Oh. I'm on my own.
No. MI6 didn't even think
I'd make it this far.
They want me to go back to
London and give a full report.
But if I do that.
whoever's behind this
might get away.
How do you know
I'm not the one behind this?
You're not. I'm...
You're not. I-I know
everything about you.
You didn't even know
Angler was dead.
I still don't know
Angler's dead.
Oh.
Oh. thank you.
Sorry about that.
Look...
believe me. I know
what it's like to be alone.
Nothing but loyalty
to what you believe in.
I get it.
But I'm here
because someone is using you
to hurt other people.
and I wanna try and stop that.
But I need help.
Your help.
Look...
I am on a 10 a.m. flight
to Malta in the morning.
And you can either stay here
and follow orders
and kill whoever the person is
in that file in your safe.
or you can come with me.
try and figure out the truth.
And I totally. by the way.
understand if. you know.
you need some time
to think on it. sleep on it.
If you want. in the morning.
we can meet up.
There's a really great
little coffee shop down...
down the corner.
I always think better
after a cappuccino.
Mm-hmm.
Or I could lock you
in the bathroom.
What? Come on. Really?
This is getting ridiculous.
Hey. you fucker.
you can't just lock me in here!
Quiet.
People are trying to sleep.
Can I at least get a blanket?
Use a towel.
They're Egyptian cotton.
Th-those--
Those don't even exist.
I mean. you say you still
don't know Angler is dead.
but you know Monica is.
Do you really know how. though?
What if it wasn't
actually just an accident?
Wait. does this mean...
We're going to Malta?
Yes.
Can you--?
Uh. can you wait up. please?
You're a very fast walker.
Sorry.
If we're gonna do this.
we do it my way.
which means you do
what I say when I say it.
- Is that understood?
- Yeah. of course.
Not a problem.
You got anything
important in this?
Yeah. just basically
everything that I own.
What?!
Rule number one:
We move fast and travel light.
Well. can I at least
keep my purse?
I-I have my mouth guard
in here
and I grind my teeth.
For now.
Thank you.
And just so we're clear.
if the thought even crosses
my mind that you're playing me.
I'll slit your throat and leave
you on the side of the road.
That's very graphic.
This is Liona at corporate.
Our consultant has
just gone off mission.
It's clear he doesn't know
about the hidden body GPS
that's tracking him.
Judging by the map.
it looks like
he's on a boat of some kind.
I need you to place an ad
in Malta's biggest
newspaper immediately.
Yes. sir.
And as long as it takes
to get a reply.
I-I'm ready for the copy. sir.
I don't understand
why we didn't just fly.
I mean. I already
had the tickets.
We could have been there by now.
Whenever there's a choice.
always choose something
with an exit.
Oh. is that rule number two?
Do ferries have exits?
Yeah. they do.
You know. you're not
what I expected.
I thought after all
this time alone.
you'd at least be looking
for someone to talk to.
No. I'm pretty comfortable
with not talking.
Aren't you at least curious
as to how I found you?
Not at all.
I was recruited by MI6
right out of university.
One day I was given
the open case file
to the US Tourism Division.
Now. it sounded official but
had nothing to show for itself.
So color my interest piqued.
I managed to liberate
some classified reports.
and they all showed
one organization
entirely devoted to the support
of one field operative.
And wherever he went.
a high-profile murder occurred.
And who was that?
Yeah. you fit the age
and other parameters.
So the closer I looked.
the more you seemed like
the ghost I was tracking.
But I didn't know your name.
Just your face. your habits.
And once I was able
to establish a pattern.
it actually became
pretty easy to find you.
No one ever did because
no one was ever looking.
until me.
So. what's this lead
we're following?
Well. the Division
has offices all over.
They're still there. but most
of them have never been used.
There's one in Malta
that has been.
It's abandoned now. though.
No one's ever found me...
and lived.
All right.
We're not together.
No eye contact with anyone.
Lean away from security cameras.
Yeah. I-I know how to walk
through a secure location.
thank you.
Yeah.
Thank you.
I. uh... I have to use
the little girl's room.
Of course you do.
- Why are you in Malta?
- Your assignment's in Rome.
I wanna know
who I'm working for.
Why? Nothing's changed.
What do you mean. nothing's
changed? Angler's dead.
That's changed.
Who is this?
Return to Rome.
finish the mission.
Yeah. maybe I'll come
find you instead.
Finish the mission
or you'll become the mission.
Do you understand?
So. what did I miss?
All done?
Okay.
- This is Butler.
- He's on his way to Malta.
I'll send you his body GPS.
Gentlemen!
Showtime.
Let's fucking go. Move!
You've been here before?
Sir?
Can I help you with something?
Yes. I'm. uh. looking for
the US Tourism Division.
This is Malta.
Why would there be
a US Tourism Division here?
I go where the road takes me.
Right this way.
He's been expecting you.
Thank you.
You-you've been here before?
Yeah. once or twice.
Sir. you have a guest.
Kev.
Hi.
So if this was the CIA.
why didn't they set it up
at the American Embassy?
Non-official cover.
Angler hated
any kind of oversight.
Let's go.
You. the elevator.
This is where Angler
and I had the meetings.
You know. fun fact.
actually:
Spiral staircases were
actually created for firehouses
back when firemen
still rode horses.
'Cause horses can't
walk in circles.
So they couldn't get. you know.
stairs at night.
Look at that.
What is it?
You ever seen one these before?
No.
Yeah. I know
what a cassette is.
Shh.
Contact. upper floor!
Come on.
I know where he's going.
Back to the house.
Back to the house!
Come on. Kacey.
Let's try to the right.
GPS is not accurate enough.
Back to the house!
Access to the roof.
Move it!
Come on. Kacey.
We're outside.
Go. Kacey. go! Come on.
All right. come on!
Come on. Kacey.
Come on.
How come you lost him...
again?
Cathedral.
On me.
Come on. Kacey.
Move. move!
Go. Kacey. go. come on.
Come on. okay. keep going.
Move. move!
Go. go. go. go.
Let's go.
To the right. go. go. go!
Do you know where we're going?
Come on.
Everybody out! Now!
Come on. All right. come on.
Shit!
Anyone?
Satellite's lost him.
Who the hell were those people?
The Maltese police?
Those weren't police officers.
How do you know?
No badges or unit numbers.
No police cars.
- So then who were they?
- Mercenaries.
See. I told you I was
onto something with this.
Why else would mercenaries
respond to a break-in
at a defunct government office?
'Cause somebody hired them.
Exactly. but who?
Back to base.
Getting away from
the authorities.
And we need to reprogram
our target's GPS.
So. what are we looking for?
A car.
We're gonna need
a place to stay.
for tonight at least.
Well. MI6 has a safe house
here in Malta we can use.
Bingo.
Get in.
This car suits you.
Old and slow.
So. uh. yeah.
the house is just a little bit
down this road.
All right.
Anybody in there?
Okay.
Don't ever get
too comfortable.
And always make sure
wherever you stay is safe.
You must be a really big hit
at parties. huh?
I don't go to parties.
That's a shocker.
All right. we got power.
Kevin. did you really think
you'd get away
with this forever?
- Yeah. Sean.
- I kind of thought I might.
That's Angler.
We never resort to killing.
The military days are over.
But the first voice
is Irish.
Who's Sean?
I can still
make a difference here.
I'll find new funding and--
Kevin. you're not listening.
You went rogue. That's it.
You're done. you're out.
It's over.
The Division is a success.
right?
You think you can
play God. Kevin?
The CIA has government rules.
You're way out of line here.
You're not
getting away with this.
Sean. are you
threatening me. sweetheart?
You went rogue on us.
That's it.
You're out. it's over.
You okay?
I don't buy it.
Any of it.
Did Angler sound like
he was about to retire
on that tape to you?
No. he didn't.
But there's all kinds
of things online
if you know where
to look for them.
I had to gather as much or more
information on other people.
Angler had no family. so...
What do you mean
he didn't have a family?
He told me once he had a family.
No. not that I found.
And that's why the state
took over his burial
and sale of his estate.
Hmm.
None of that makes any sense.
Were you and Angler friends?
Oh. I don't know.
I don't know what that
means anymore. "friends."
Kevin.
Kevin. Kevin.
Wait. wait. wait. am I...
We were brothers...
in arms.
So you gave up any chance
of having a real life
just for this mission?
I was serving my country.
Mm. there are...
There are other ways
to serve your country
that don't involve you
being alone forever.
Maybe this is a wake-up call
of sorts.
Yeah.
I gotta figure out
who this Sean guy is.
and the council
he's talking about.
Let's get some rest.
I'll take the couch.
Okay.
If you get cold.
there's some towels.
I don't know if they're
Egyptian cotton or not. but...
You just couldn't
help yourself.
No. I couldn't. I couldn't.
Good night.
Night. Shaw.
Only got two mags left.
There you go.
Thank you.
Oh. I was married once. right?
Mm. I mean. it didn't work.
I mean. mostly my fault.
Actually it was all my fault.
But. no. it didn't work.
I'm just a soldier.
I don't know about this stuff.
It's embarrassing.
It's not embarrassing.
I wish you luck.
I really do. I wish you luck.
I mean.
I'm gonna miss you. though.
I mean. in-- In this business.
what we do. you keep
your friends close. right?
Yeah.
So that's it.
that's your advice?
Yeah.
"Broken wings.
Rise anew."
Is there any more details
on who the fuck this guy is?
He slipped away like a pro.
and you know it.
There's something
off about this guy.
Bastard's smart.
He's somewhere
in a GPS dead zone.
I'll find him.
Good morning.
Morning.
Wait. is that...
Water supply pipe
from the ice machine?
No.
Okay.
It works.
I'll go get us
some breakfast.
Be ready to work
when I get back.
Aye aye. captain.
Rule number five:
Action beats reaction
every time.
Is everything all right?
Excuse me.
This is. uh.
kind of an emergency.
but do you have a phone
I can use?
Um. sure. We've got one
behind the counter.
Thank you.
Find what you're looking for?
Not yet.
but I'm getting closer.
This is your last chance.
Return to Rome
and complete your mission.
Why?
The Division is gone.
I saw it with my own eyes.
You saw an empty office.
What does that prove?
That the girl
may be right after all.
The girl is not
who you think she is.
Really?
I suppose you want me
to kill her then?
She's already dead.
So are you.
Move. move!
He's behind us.
Turn around.
He's not fucking here.
He's gone.
He's not here.
He must be close.
Follow my lead.
GPS is blocked again.
I know of an MI6
safe house close by.
Kacey!
Kacey! Kacey.
What? What?
Come on.
We gotta get out of here.
Move.
Light it up!
Alfonse. move in!
Go. Kacey!
Get the fuck off!
Right on time.
Fuck you going?
What?
Come on! Let's go.
Are you hurt?
No. I'm okay. You?
I'm good.
- My path's gone.
- We need a new approach.
We're losing too many men.
That's the job.
We knew it going into this.
He says he's American?
He didn't.
I think we're taking out
one of our own.
I don't care
if he's got a Medal of Honor.
He's dead.
Are you okay?
What are you doing?
You're not MI6. are you?
What?
That wasn't a safe house.
There's no weapons.
no safety protocols.
You already had your laptop
there. Stop lying to me.
Stop lying to me.
No. no.
That-- That was a safe house.
It just hasn't
been used in years.
like I told you last night.
And I am MI6.
Well. I-I used to be.
Wait. if you knew.
then why did you bother
coming back for me?
I don't want questions.
I want answers.
Who are you?
Talk or I disappear.
Who sent you?
I...
Monica Walker was my mother.
She died years ago
in a car accident.
And I never met my father...
until yesterday.
Bullshit.
She never told you.
I'll give you one more chance.
Tell me the truth.
Who sent you?
Look.
My birthmark.
Look familiar to you?
It's the same one you have.
She called you Evander.
your real name...
after the Arcadian wise man
in Greek mythology.
She said that you hated it.
I'm telling you the truth.
The month you were born.
April.
What color was her hair?
Brown.
Infinity.
Love is infinite.
Where are all the chairs?
Come join me.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
What's your name?
Monica. What's yours?
I can't tell you.
I'd have to kill you.
Dangerous man.
Thanks for saving me.
Happy to help.
Hi.
A social worker...
gave me this
when I was a teenager.
It's my mom's diary.
In it she. uh...
She wrote about
being pregnant when you left.
She also wrote about
trying to contact you.
She was blocked by red tape
and outright lies
at every turn.
I never knew.
None.
I was buried in work
in Seoul and...
And that's when I was approached
by the CIA. by Angler.
After that. it was...
a whole different life.
Um. were you working
for Angler
when you were with my mom?
No.
I met a really great woman.
Monica.
Monica?
How'd you meet her?
I broke my rules.
I fell in love with her...
the second I saw her.
She stopped my heart.
How long were
you two together?
Come on. I mean.
it's only natural
that I would wanna
talk about it.
I mean. you're my dad. you know?
Not long enough.
Saying goodbye to her
was. uh...
one of the hardest things
I ever did in my life.
Then why'd you do it?
Because I'm a good
little soldier.
So that was it.
and you just never...
You never thought
about her again or...?
Yeah. I thought about her.
I flew to London.
To see my mom?
Yes.
We hadn't spoken in a few years
and I couldn't get her
out of my mind.
So I thought...
if anybody could change
my mind. it was your mother.
She had a way of doing that.
you know?
She's...
I was a few hours too late.
I always wondered...
you know. if I had gotten
there a day early...
Life is cruel.
Let's get some rest.
set up.
We got a lot of work to do.
Yeah. I-- I know.
I know somewhere
that we can go.
Go rest up.
What are you doing?
What is this?
It's where I do my work.
I decode the ads.
Is it-- Is it hard...
to decode them?
No. every code has a key.
Once you know what it is.
it's easy.
And the pictures. the drawings
are-- They're beautiful.
Did you draw them?
Yeah.
No one's ever
seen those before.
What do they mean?
Registry of every...
kill that I've done...
of everyone I've ever...
retired.
What's your key?
Just... Just so
I can read them.
I don't know. I think
that they might help us
find what we're looking for.
Everything's one character off.
It alternates between
forwards and backwards.
Do you mind if I keep this
for tonight. just to study it?
All right.
Thanks.
You up all night?
Good morning.
Morning.
Look. I mean. this is
before the Division closed.
All of your jobs were
for terrorists. dictators.
African warlords--
All bad guys. right?
Then after the Division
closed. it changed.
It was scientists.
CEOs. politicians.
Yes. some were bad guys.
but there were also
some others as well. right?
CEOs and scientists
aren't bad guys?
Okay. true. but you can't deny
there was a change. right?
And this is only like
a couple of hours of work.
You know. there's a library
not too far from here.
Do you think it's safe?
It's right in here.
Okay.
Meet His Excellency.
Sean Davis.
of the Sovereign Military
Order of Malta.
Or should I say. meet again.
'cause. you know.
you killed him the first time.
"The Knights of Malta.
The Subpriory of
Ballygowan in Ireland."
So this is the guy
on the tape with Angler.
Kevin. if you
continue doing this.
I have no choice but
to report you to the council.
I don't know if Davis
was guilty of any crimes.
but do you wanna hear a theory?
Go ahead.
I don't think Angler
ever worked for the CIA.
I think
that's just what he told you.
Once you're in. you're in.
I'm in.
What. you think he worked
for the Knights of Malta?
That I was
assassinating. uh. people
for a charitable organization?
Sort of. I mean. I--
You heard Davis on the tape.
He said they needed
to find new funding
to keep the Knights from
finding out and stopping them.
He was hiding
a secret program...
used to kill bad guys.
Keep your friends close
in-in this job.
So Angler had me kill Davis
before Davis could kill Angler.
Yeah. and then he and
whoever he worked with moved on.
Angler died.
and now you've been working
for this other person
or people.
Look. I-I don't know
what connects it all
or how they benefit
from them all dying.
But if we can
figure that out...
We'll find out
who's behind all this.
Yeah. exactly.
Everything was a lie.
I haven't told you this.
I wasn't sure what it meant.
What?
When you were tied to the chair.
I went downstairs to confirm
Angler's death online.
You said that obituaries get
reprinted in various places.
but usually are all
the same. right?
Right.
Well. one of the obituaries
I found was different
than the others in the--
The photo of Angler
was different.
And there was a poem with it.
What it'd say?
"Against broken wings...
a front afraid. rise anew."
That's Angler's kind of code.
"Against broken wings."
A code. but what does it mean?
The code's "Griffin."
Griffin?
I'm getting a really bad
feeling about all this.
Are we doing something illegal?
Look. business is cutthroat
sometimes. okay?
You know how important
corporate intelligence is.
and that's what this guy does.
We've created
a state-of-the-art program
around him and us
to protect us.
Are you sure the big boss
isn't gonna punish us?
It'll be fine.
I promise.
Where the fuck are you?
He's at the library
in Valletta. Go there now.
We got a little problem here.
chief.
We lost a lot of men
fighting this problem.
I don't give a fuck! The bonus
I just put in your account
should be more than enough to
cover the losses. Get there now!
Fuck!
Okay. so ever since
the Division was shut down.
all of the jobs that you've done
that don't seem
to include bad guys.
all affected the stock market.
And one company
has benefited greatly from it.
The Griffin Group.
The Griffin Group?
They're hedge-fund
conglomerates.
Guess where they're based?
- Malta.
- Yep.
They're one of the top
hedge funds in the world.
So they've had me
eliminating innocent people
so they could make money.
Sure seems that way.
Sounds like we need
to pay them a little visit.
Okay.
Oh. shit. Fuck!
I'll have to call you back.
You know who I am?
The consultant.
The corporate intelligence guy.
Is that what
they're calling it?
Take us to him.
Okay.
Tony. we have a visitor.
Whoa!
Fuck!
In the flesh.
The main man.
You like what you see? Huh?
What do you think
of the offices?
I mean. you helped build them.
and now we're one of the biggest
hedge funds in the world.
How do you do that
when everyone has access
to the same information
using the same skills?
You cheat.
Hey. lady.
I'm just an opportunist.
lady. okay?
And you thought
we'd never find out?
Uh. yeah. I did actually.
We had to work very hard
to keep every aspect
of him working.
But at the end of the day.
business is business. right?
We ain't in business.
Oh. really?
At least let me
make you an offer.
Give it your best shot.
But it better be
about more than money.
You know. he was right
about you. wasn't he?
He said you can pay a man
to do anything.
but convince him
he's doing it for a cause
and he'll do it for free.
Who is he?
I'm not telling you.
Not unless we're negotiating.
I love negotiating.
Yeah.
You want power.
You want to be
the puppet master.
I can give you
exactly what you need.
So come on.
What do you say?
Shaw. no.
No.
Fuck. we could
rule the world together.
me and you.
You sold me.
Okay.
I'll give you his location.
Let's get started.
Do you need a boat?
Yeah. a fast one.
Come on. come on.
Frisky!
What do you think.
Grand National?
Come on.
Hey.
Hey!
Here you go.
How you doing? You all right?
I couldn't resist it.
you know what I mean?
Not exactly subtle.
I mean. I'd only just bought it.
But...
How you doing?
You all right?
You look good.
You look really. really good.
Oh! Fuck me.
You lied to me.
you piece of shit.
All right.
Calm down. all right?
Of course
I fucking lied to you.
Fighting for my country.
Kevin.
Does it...?
It doesn't really matter who
you're working for. does it?
I mean. you're killing
bad guys. ain't you?
Sean Davis a bad guy?
No.
No. No. Sean's a sweetheart.
Yeah.
You're looking
for a few answers. right?
Come on. then.
I'll show you around.
You know what.
maybe you're right.
Maybe I'm just a greedy bastard.
Maybe you should
just kill me now.
All right?
Your old pal Griffin sent me
over here to kill you.
Makes sense.
Took his fucking time. though.
Did you do a deal with him?
Yeah. we're still
in negotiations.
His boys are gonna be over
any minute now.
trying to kill us all.
I know. Yeah.
I'm not exactly. you know.
blind here. but you know that.
But you know
what really bothers me.
ever since I found out you
still thought about my mom?
What are the chances
she would die
right before Shaw was about
to leave the Division?
You knew she was the only
person he would ever leave for
and you knew if anything
happened to her.
he would never try
anything again.
I like this one.
She's a keeper.
My only question is. why
didn't you try to kill me too?
- No. but. well. I--
- I told him.
like way back when.
at the beginning.
I told him that this job
is not for men like him.
What if I took your life. Kev?
Hm. well. okay.
What the hell is that?
Uh. it's Griffin.
Just...
Uh. Colin.
could you lock it down?
Thanks. mate.
If you could just hold off
killing me just...
just for a sec.
We'll have some--
We'll have some fun? Okay.
You got any weapons here?
Yeah. yeah. loads of them.
Over there. loads of them.
That's key.
Yes. yes.
What kind of music you like?
Don't make a mess. all right?
Aw. come on. Kev.
Who's your favorite Spice Girl?
None of the Spice Girls.
You don't like
the Spice Girls?
Who doesn't like
the Spice Girls? I like Mel.
Doris Day. anyone?
Disciple 6.
you're clear to engage.
Team two. main house. now.
Fucking told you so. didn't I?
I found a secondary route
through the basement.
Bring the cars around
to the east gate.
You hear that. Tanner?
Yeah. all right.
What we got here?
Open fire!
Kevin?
Kev?
No. no. I'm dead.
I'm dead. I'm dead.
Dead already.
No. Take this.
Take this.
Yeah. I got you.
Good luck.
I got your back. mate.
I got you. I got your back.
Come on. let's go.
Come on. go. go. go!
On me.
Fuck. where are you?
Here.
Oh. shit.
Hold on. I'll get you a bandage.
He's not fucking here.
He's not here.
He's gone.
Here.
Oh. fuck.
Here you go.
There's a hidden staircase
in the kitchen.
Always choose something
with an exit. right?
Yeah. You're learning. huh?
We've gotta find him.
He has to be in the building.
Split into two groups.
Here we go.
You go up. I'll cover you.
What? No!
No. we go together.
No.
Go on. Kacey. go on.
No. I--
I didn't come all this way
just to leave you behind.
You came all
this way for the truth
and you found it. now go.
No. I won't just
leave you here.
Kacey. listen to me.
You're brilliant.
you're beautiful.
you're everything
your mother ever was.
But I just found you.
You did more than find me.
You saved me.
You got your gun?
Yeah.
All right.
This ain't over yet. Let's go!
Move. go. go. go!
Come on.
Move. move!
Go!
Whoa!
Cover. cover!
Dad!
I don't know
what to say. Monica.
except. uh. I'm gonna give
this father thing a try.
I'm gonna give it
everything I have.
I'm gonna protect our daughter.
I promise you that.
You know. there's a...
There's a place
that she really liked
near here.
We can go get lunch there
if you want.
Let's go.
You got a new journal.
So I guess no more
breaking codes. just...
No.
Just drawing beautiful things.
You know. I. um...
I have been on my own so long
I don't know if I know
how to be any other way.
But. um...
I mean. I thought...
Maybe we could
figure it out together.
Yeah. I'd like that.
There's one other thing
I have to take care of first.
Whatever you say. Dad.
I'll see you later.
See you later.
Yeah.
She's already had a fortune.
She's not having no more.
Yeah. well. you can tell her
and her fly-by-night lawyer.
They both know
what I'm capable of.
"He who knows when he can fight
and when he not.
will be victorious."
Negotiations are over.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today